docs(stack): reorganize navigation into evaluate and deployment paths (#1605)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/stack/features/rbac.mdx

---
title: Access control
description: >-
  Operator-configured access policy for protected Lineth RPC, API, and tooling
  surfaces
sidebar_position: 5
image: /img/socialCards/role-based-access-control.jpg
---

> Use this page to understand operator-configured access control for protected Lineth (formerly the Linea Stack) RPC, API, and tooling surfaces. For data visibility choices, see [Privacy and data visibility](./validium.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes operator-configured access control for protected Lineth (formerly the Linea Stack) RPC, API, and tooling surfaces. For data visibility choices, see [Privacy and data visibility](./validium.mdx).
```
